Update work pools and workers tutorial to use `flow.deploy` (#10985)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/tutorial/workers.md

## Why workers and work pools?

> Workers and work pools are a bridge between the Prefect orchestration layer and infrastructure that enable flow runs to be executed in dynamically provisioned environments. To transition from persistent infrastructure to dynamic infrastructure, you can use `flow.deploy` instead of `flow.serve`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workers and work pools are a bridge between the Prefect orchestration layer and infrastructure for flow runs that can be dynamically provisioned. To transition from persistent infrastructure to dynamic infrastructure, use `flow.deploy` instead of `flow.serve`.
```

> !!! tip "[Choosing Between `flow.deploy()` and `flow.serve()`](/concepts/deployments/#two-approaches-to-deployments)"

Reviewer 2: My comment is regarding an unedited section on line 23:

"Just remember, if infrastructure needs escalate" should be
"Just remember, if infrastructure needs to escalate"

Author: I think it's correct as written. I think if we were to describe the infrastructure rather than the needs we'd say something like, "Just remember, if infrastructure needs to scale up..."

    The earlier section discussed the `serve` approach. For many use cases, `serve` is sufficient to meet scheduling and orchestration needs. Workers and work pools are **optional**. Just remember, if infrastructure needs escalate, workers and work pools can become a handy tool. The best part? You're not locked into one method. You can seamlessly combine approaches as needed. 
    
!!! note "Deployment definition methods differ slightly for workers"

>     If you choose to use worker-based execution, the way you define deployments will be different. Deployments for workers are configured with `deploy` which requires some additional configuration.  A deployment created with `serve` cannot be submitted to a worker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If you choose to use worker-based execution, the way you define deployments will be different. Deployments for workers are configured with `deploy` which requires some additional configuration. A deployment created with `serve` cannot be submitted to a worker.
```

>     If you choose to use worker-based execution, the way you define deployments will be different. Deployments for workers are configured with `deploy` which requires some additional configuration.  A deployment created with `serve` cannot be submitted to a worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you choose to use worker-based execution, the way you define deployments will be different. Deployments for workers are configured with `deploy`, which requires some additional configuration.  A deployment created with `serve` cannot be submitted to a worker.
```

- You can configure default infrastructure configurations on your work pools that all jobs inherit and can override
- Platform teams can use work pools to expose opinionated (and enforced!) interfaces to the infrastructure that they oversee

> - Work pools can be used to prioritize (or limit) runs through the use of [work queues](/concepts/work-pools/#work-queues)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Work pools can be used to prioritize (or limit) flow runs through the use of [work queues](/concepts/work-pools/#work-queues)
```

Finally, let’s double check that you can see this work pool in your Prefect UI. 
Navigate to the Work Pools tab and verify that you see `my-docker-pool` listed.

> When you click into the `my-docker-pool` you should see a red status icon signifying that this pool is not ready to submit work. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you click into `my-docker-pool` you should see a red status icon signifying that this work pool is not ready to submit work. 
```

> To get the work pool ready and ready to submit flow runs, you need to start a worker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get the work pool ready to submit flow runs, you need to start a worker.
```

2. A work pool
3. A worker

Now it’s time to put it all together. We're going to update our `repo_info.py` file so it will build a Docker image and update our deployment so our worker can execute it.

The updates that you need to make to `repo_info.py` are:

> 1. Changing `flow.serve` to `flow.deploy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Change `flow.serve` to `flow.deploy`.
```

> 2. Tell `flow.deploy` which work pool to deploy to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Tell `flow.deploy` which work pool to deploy to.
```

3. Tell `flow.deploy` the name to use for the Docker image it builds.

Here's what the updated `repo_info.py` looks like:

```python hl_lines="17-22" title="repo_info.py"
import httpx
from prefect import flow

@flow(log_prints=True)
def get_repo_info(repo_name: str = "PrefectHQ/prefect"):
    url = f"https://api.github.com/repos/{repo_name}"
    response = httpx.get(url)
    response.raise_for_status()
    repo = response.json()
    print(f"{repo_name} repository statistics 🤓:")
    print(f"Stars 🌠 : {repo['stargazers_count']}")
    print(f"Forks 🍴 : {repo['forks_count']}")

if __name__ == "__main__":
    get_repo_info.deploy(
        name="my-first-deployment", 
        work_pool_name="my-docker-pool", 
        image="my-first-deployment-image:tutorial"
        skip_push=True
    )
```

!!! note "Why the `skip_push=True`?"
    For this tutorial, your Docker worker is running on your machine, so we don't need to push the image built by `flow.deploy` to a registry. When your worker is running on a remote machine, you will need to push the image to a registry that the worker can access.

>     You remove the `skip_push=True` argument and include your registry name to push the image to a registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Remove the `skip_push=True` argument and include your registry name to push the image to a registry.
```

Now that you've updated your script, you can run it to deploy your flow to the work pool:

<div class="terminal">
```bash
python repo_info.py
```
</div>

Prefect will build a custom Docker image containing your workflow code that the worker can use to dynamically spawn Docker containers whenever this workflow needs to run. 

!!! note "What Dockerfile?"

>     In this example, Prefect generates a Dockerfile for you that will build an image based off of one of Prefect's published images. The generated Dockerfile will copy the current directory into the Docker images and install any dependencies listed in a `requirements.txt` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In this example, Prefect generates a Dockerfile for you that will build an image based off of one of Prefect's published images. The generated Dockerfile will copy the current directory into the Docker image and install any dependencies listed in a `requirements.txt` file.
```

>     In this example, Prefect generates a Dockerfile for you that will build an image based off of one of Prefect's published images. The generated Dockerfile will copy the current directory into the Docker images and install any dependencies listed in a `requirements.txt` file.

Reviewer: Might be good to link the published Prefect images section of the docs, but I've got an open PR to move that to the guides ATM.

Author: Cool, I can add that link once https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10910 is merged.

    If you want to use a custom Dockerfile, you can specify the path to the Dockerfile using the `DeploymentImage` class:

    ```python hl_lines="21-25" title="repo_info.py"
    import httpx
    from prefect import flow
    from prefect.deployments import DeploymentImage

    @flow(log_prints=True)
    def get_repo_info(repo_name: str = "PrefectHQ/prefect"):
        url = f"https://api.github.com/repos/{repo_name}"
        response = httpx.get(url)
        response.raise_for_status()
        repo = response.json()
        print(f"{repo_name} repository statistics 🤓:")
        print(f"Stars 🌠 : {repo['stargazers_count']}")
        print(f"Forks 🍴 : {repo['forks_count']}")

    if __name__ == "__main__":
        get_repo_info.deploy(
            name="my-first-deployment", 
            work_pool_name="my-docker-pool", 
            image=DeploymentImage(
                name="my-first-deployment-image",
                tag="tutorial",
                dockerfile="Dockerfile"
            ),
            skip_push=True
        )
    ```

> ### Modify the deployment

Reviewer 2: I realize this document isn't consistent in using either the infinitive verb for ("modify") or the present participle form ("modifying"). I think it would look nice for the headings to be consistent there

Author: I've updated the header to all use the infinitive form.

> If you need to make updates to your deployment, you can do so by modifying your script and rerunning it. You'll need to make one update to specify value for `job_variables` to ensure your Docker worker can successfully execute scheduled runs for this flow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to make updates to your deployment, you can do so by modifying your script and rerunning it. You'll need to make one update to specify a value for `job_variables` to ensure your Docker worker can successfully execute scheduled runs for this flow. See the example below.
```

> If you need to make updates to your deployment, you can do so by modifying your script and rerunning it. You'll need to make one update to specify value for `job_variables` to ensure your Docker worker can successfully execute scheduled runs for this flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to make updates to your deployment, you can do so by modifying your script and rerunning it. You'll need to make one update to specify a value for `job_variables` to ensure your Docker worker can successfully execute scheduled runs for this flow.
```

```

!!! danger "Common Pitfalls"

>     - Keep and run your deploy scripts at the **root of your repo**, otherwise the built Docker file may be missing files that it needs to execute!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Store and run your deploy scripts at the **root of your repo**, otherwise the built Docker file may be missing files that it needs to execute!
```
